Integrations: update GitHub guides (#110)
packagist/private-packagist-docs: docs/cloud/github-integration-setup.md

# GitHub Enterprise Integration Setup
## Private Packagist Cloud

<div class="row column">
    <div class="callout success">
        <p>

>             This guide explains how to setup an OAuth integration for Private Packagist Cloud with GitHub Enterprise Cloud/Server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            This guide explains how to set up an OAuth integration for Private Packagist Cloud with GitHub Enterprise Cloud/Server.
```

            If you use their public service on GitHub.com, these instructions are not relevant to you. 
        </p>
        <p>If you are using our Self-Hosted product, please <a href="/docs/self-hosted/github-integration-setup">use this guide</a>.</p>
    </div>
</div>

To allow your users to authenticate to Private Packagist with their GitHub Enterprise account, you'll first need to create 
an integration in Private Packagist. This document walks you through the required steps. 

## Open the Add Integration form

From the organization settings page, select the "Integrations" subtab. Hit the "Add Integration" button on the integrations listing page to get to the form below.
To set up a GitHub Enterprise integration with Private Packagist start by selecting "GitHub" as the platform and enter the URL of your GitHub Enterprise server, as seen in the example below.

> A link to create a new OAuth application on your GitHub enterprise server will automatically be displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A link to create a new OAuth application on your GitHub Enterprise server will automatically be displayed.
```
This is capitalized everywhere else
